c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\gestaoclinica.dll.config
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\gestaoclinica.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\gestaoclinica.pdb
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\FirebirdSql.Data.FirebirdClient.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\FirebirdSql.Data.FirebirdClient.pdb
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\obj\Debug\gestaoclinica.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\obj\Debug\gestaoclinica.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\obj\Debug\gestaoclinica.pdb
C:\Users\Pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\CryptSharp.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\CryptSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\gestaoclinica\gestaoclinica\bin\CryptSharp.xml
